Distribution Phase -  We create a distribution provisioning profile for out team so that we can distribute our app.

Distribution :
1. Distribution Provisioning Profile (iOS Distribution Certificates, App ID)
2. Distribute (App Store, Adhoc Distribution, In-house Distribution)

Each team can have only one active distribution certificate. The team admin can either use Xcode to create a distribution 
certificate or manually request and download one from iOS Provisioning Portal.

A team’s distribution certificate allows a developer to build an app for distribution. If your team wants to use another Mac 
to create a distribution build, you need to transfer a copy of the distribution certificate as described in, Safeguarding 
and Transferring Your Signing and Provisioning Assets.


** Steps to create a Distribution Certificate using XCode :
1. In Xcode, open the Devices organizer.
2. Select Provisioning Profiles in the Library section.
3. Click the Refresh button at the bottom of the window..
4. Enter your user name and password and click Log in.
5. After you log in to your account, a prompt appears, asking whether Xcode should request your distribution certificate.
6. Click Submit Request.
7. If a prompt appears, at the end of the refresh process, asking if you want to export your developer profile, click Export.

Your request for a distribution certificate is automatically approved. The distribution certificate is added to your 
keychain and appears in Xcode. You can view, download, or revoke the distribution certificate in the iOS Provisioning Portal.


** Steps to Manually Managing a Distribution Certificate :
> Generating a Certificate Signing Request with Keychain Access - 
1. Open Keychain Access on your Mac (located in Applications/Utilities).
2. Open Preferences and click Certificates. Make sure both Online Certificate Status Protocol and Certificate Revocation List 
   are set to Off.
3. Choose Keychain Access > Certificate Assistant > Request a Certificate From a Certificate Authority.
Note: If you have a private key selected when you do this, the CSR won’t be accepted. Make sure no private key is selected.
4. Enter your user email address and common name. Use the same address and name as you used to register in the iOS Developer 
   Program. No CA Email Address is required.
5. Select the options “Saved to disk” and “Let me specify key pair information” and click Continue.
6. Specify a filename and click Save.
7. For the Key Size choose 2048 bits and for Algorithm choose RSA. Click Continue and the Certificate Assistant creates a 
   CSR and saves the file to your specified location
   
> Submitting a Certificate Signing Request for Approval - 
1. Navigate to the Certificates area of the iOS Provisioning Portal and click the Distribution tab. Click Request Certificate.
2. Click Choose File, choose your CSR file, and click Submit.
Note: If the Key Size was not set to 2048 bits, the CSR is rejected.
After the CSR is approved, the certificate is listed under Current Distribution Certificate. If it doesn’t appear 
automatically, you may need to refresh the page.

> Downloading and Installing Distribution Certificates - 
1. Navigate to the Certificates area of the iOS Provisioning Portal and click the Distribution tab. Click Download next to 
   the certificate.
2. In the Finder, double-click the downloaded .cer file to open Keychain Access and install your certificate in your 
   default keychain (usually the login keychain).

A distribution certificate is valid for one year from date of issue. After it expires, you won’t be able sign and install 
apps on your devices although this will not affect any existing apps in the App Store.

To continue distribution, navigate to the Devices organizer in Xcode. Select the expired profile and click Renew Profile 
in the red bar at the top. This will renew your expired certificate and add it to the provisioning profile. 
After you get a new distribution certificate, you can submit new apps or app updates to the App Store.

To distribute an app, a team admin must create a distribution provisioning profile (this profile is different from a 
Development Provisioning Profile). 
The distribution provisioning profile consists of a name, a distribution certificate, and an app ID. 
The name is used only so that you can identify a provisioning profile. A provisioning profile is valid for one year.
Apps can be distributed either through the App Store with an iTunes Connect account or through ad hoc distribution.

* To publish an app to the App Store, create a distribution provisioning profile specifying App Store as the distribution 
  method.
* To use ad hoc distribution, create a distribution provisioning profile specifying Ad Hoc as the distribution method and
  include a list of up to 100 devices authorized to run the app.
* To use in-house distribution, create a provisioning profile specifying In-House as the distribution method.

If your development team is enrolled in the Standard Program, you can distribute your app in two ways. 
You can submit an app to the App Store or you can use ad hoc distribution to install the app on up to 100 devices for 
testing purposes





